---
# generated by https://github.com/magodo/terraform-plugin-framework-docs
page_title: "azuredevops_project Data Source - terraform-provider-azuredevops"
subcategory: "Core"
description: |-
  Query an existing Project within Azure DevOps.
---

# azuredevops_project (Data Source)

Query an existing Project within Azure DevOps.

## Example Usage

### By project_id

```terraform
data "azuredevops_project" "example" {
  project_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

### By name

```terraform
data "azuredevops_project" "example" {
  name = "myproject"
}
```

## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the project.

	-> String length must be at least 1.

	-> Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set: "[name,project_id]".
- `project_id` (String) The id of the project.

	-> String must be in UUID format.

	-> Ensure that one and only one attribute from this collection is set: "[name,project_id]".
- `timeouts` (Object) See [below for nested schema](#nested--timeouts).

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the project.
- `features` (Object) The status (enabled/disabled) of the project features. See [below for nested schema](#nested--features).
- `process_template_id` (String) The Process Template ID used by the project.
- `version_control` (String) The version control system of the project.
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the project.
- `work_item_template` (String) The work item template name.

<a id="nested--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Read-Only:

- `artifacts` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Artifacts` feature is enabled.
- `boards` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Boards` feature is enabled.
- `pipelines` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Pipelines` feature is enabled.
- `repositories` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Repos` feature is enabled.
- `testplans` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Test Plans` feature is enabled.
<a id="nested--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when reading this data source.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
