---
# generated by https://github.com/magodo/terraform-plugin-framework-docs
page_title: "azuredevops Provider"
description: |-
  The Azure DevOps Provider
---

# azuredevops Provider

The Azure DevOps Provider

## Schema

### Optional

- `auxiliary_tenant_ids` (List of Strings) List of auxiliary Tenant IDs required for multi-tenancy and cross-tenant scenarios. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_AUXILIARY_TENANT_IDS` Environment Variable.

	-> List must contain at most 3 elements.
- `client_certificate` (String, Sensitive) Base64 encoded certificate to use to authenticate to the service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE` Environment Variable.
- `client_certificate_password` (String, Sensitive) Password for a client certificate password. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` Environment Variable.
- `client_certificate_path` (String) Path to a certificate to use to authenticate to the service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PATH` Environment Variable.
- `client_id` (String) The service principal client id which should be used for AAD auth. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` Environment Variable.

	-> String must be in UUID format.
- `client_id_file_path` (String) The path to a file containing the Client ID which should be used. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_ID_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret for authenticating to a service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET` Environment Variable.
- `client_secret_file_path` (String, Sensitive) Path to a file containing a client secret for authenticating to a service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_CLIENT_SECRET_FILE_PATH` Environment Variable.
- `oidc_azure_service_connection_id` (String) The Azure Pipelines Service Connection ID to use for authentication. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_ADO_PIPELINE_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID`, `ARM_OIDC_AZURE_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID` or `AZURESUBSCRIPTION_SERVICE_CONNECTION_ID` Environment Variable.
- `oidc_request_token` (String, Sensitive) The bearer token for the request to the OIDC provider. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_TOKEN`, `ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_TOKEN`, or `SYSTEM_ACCESSTOKEN` Environment Variables.
- `oidc_request_url` (String) The URL for the OIDC provider from which to request an ID token. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using OpenID Connect. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_REQUEST_URL`, `ACTIONS_ID_TOKEN_REQUEST_URL`, or `SYSTEM_OIDCREQUESTURI` Environment Variables
- `oidc_token` (String, Sensitive) OIDC token to authenticate as a service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_TOKEN` Environment Variable.
- `oidc_token_file_path` (String) OIDC token from file to authenticate as a service principal. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_OIDC_TOKEN_FILE_PATH` or `AZURE_FEDERATED_TOKEN_FILE` Environment Variable.
- `org_service_url` (String) The URL of the Azure DevOps instance. This can also be sourced from the `AZDO_ORG_SERVICE_URL` Environment Variable.
- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) The personal access token. This can also be sourced from the `AZDO_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN` Environment Variable.
- `tenant_id` (String) The service principal tenant id which should be used for AAD auth. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_TENANT_ID` Environment Variable.

	-> String must be in UUID format.
- `use_cli` (Boolean) Use Azure CLI to authenticate. Defaults to `true`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_CLI` Environment Variable.
- `use_msi` (Boolean) Use an Azure Managed Service Identity. Defaults to `false`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_MSI` Environment Variable.
- `use_oidc` (Boolean) Use an OIDC token to authenticate to a service principal. Defaults to `false`. This can also be sourced from the `ARM_USE_OIDC` Environment Variable.
