# New Resource Guide

This document describes the flow of implementing a new resource.

Following are the related files:

```
internal
│
├── provider
│   └── provider.go                              # Register the new resource.
├── services
│   ├── <area>                                   # This shall be the same as the main SDK package name, e.g. `core`.
│   │   ├── <name>_resource.go                   # The main resource code.
│   │   ├── <name>_resource_test.go              # The acceptance test code.
│   │   ├── <name>_resource_example.go           # The document example code.
│   │   └── <name>_migration.go                  # (*) The state migration code if there is breaking change. This is only needed for resources migrated from v1.
```

## Implement the Resource Code

Each resource source code lives under `internal/services/<area>/<resource_name>_resource.go`. Implement the resouce code per `internal/framework/README.md`.

### State Migration

For the resource migrated from v1 and has breaking change introduced in v2, a state migration shall be implemented in the file `internal/services/<area>/<name>_migration.go`. 

## Register the resource in the Provider

Register the resource type in the `internal/provider/provider.go`'s `Resources()` method.

## Implement the Acceptance Test

Each resource requires acceptance tests implemented in `internal/services/<area>/<resource_name>_resource_test.go`.

A minimal set of test cases shall include:

- Basic: The configuration shall only contain the *Required* attributes.
- Complete: The configuration shall contain all the *Optional* attributes.
- Update: A test case with steps: Basic -> Complete -> Basic. Note that the `ConfigPlanChecks` shall also be specified to avoid **replacement** plan to ensure this is a legit update.

### Migration Test

For resources migrated from v1, we need to add a migration test, regardless if there is breaking change in the schema or not.

This test is to guarantee the capability to migrate from the v1 resource to the new v2 resource so that the users can simply upgrade the provider version without manually updating their state file (i.e. via `terraform state rm && terraform import`).

## Generate Document

The document shall be automatically generated by simply running `go generate` at the project root directory, without any manual intervene. This provider further tries to make every example of the document verified by test. This is achieved by creating a `internal/services/<area>/<resource_name>_resource_example.go`, which basically defines a type that can return different Terraform configurations for each test case. This is then passed to both the acctest as well as the resource's `RenderOption()` as the `Examples.*.HCL`.

## Breaking Changes

Breaking changes can be introduced while the developer shall record it in the `docs/guides/2.0-upgrade-guide.md`.
