---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azuredevops_group Resource - AzureDevOps"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a group within Azure DevOps.
---

# azuredevops_group (Resource)

Manages a group within Azure DevOps.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the group.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the VSTS group.
- `mail` (String) This will create a new graph group that is derived from the email of an AAD group.
- `members` (Set of String) A set of member descriptors.
- `origin_id` (String) This will create a new graph group that is derived from the object id of an AAD group.
- `scope` (String) The id of the scope (e.g. project) in which the group should be created. If omitted, will be created in the scope of the enclosing account or organization. Valid only for VSTS groups.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `domain` (String) The name of the container fof origin for the group.
- `id` (String) The descriptor of the group
- `origin` (String) The type of source provider for the group.
- `principal_name` (String) The principal name of this group from the source provider.
- `storage_key` (String) The storage key of the group's descriptor.
- `subject_kind` (String) The type of the graph subject for the group.
- `url` (String) The full route to the group.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when creating this resource.
- `delete` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when deleting this resource.
- `read` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when reading this resource.
- `update` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when updating this resource.
