---
# generated by https://github.com/magodo/terraform-plugin-framework-docs
page_title: "azuredevops_group_membership Resource - terraform-provider-azuredevops"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a group membership within Azure DevOps.
---

# azuredevops_group_membership (Resource)

Manages a group membership within Azure DevOps.

## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) The id of the container group.

	~> If the value of this attribute changes, Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.

	-> String length must be at least 1.
- `member_id` (String) The id of the member group/user.

	~> If the value of this attribute changes, Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.

	-> String length must be at least 1.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Object) See [below for nested schema](#nested--timeouts).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the group membership.

	~> Once set, the value of this attribute in state will not change.

<a id="nested--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when creating this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `delete` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when deleting this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `read` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when reading this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `update` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when updating this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

## Import

### Import Identity

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute.

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The id of the container group
- `member_id` (String) The id of the member user/group
