---
# generated by https://github.com/magodo/terraform-plugin-framework-docs
page_title: "azuredevops_project Resource - terraform-provider-azuredevops"
subcategory: "Core"
description: |-
  Manages a project within Azure DevOps.
---

# azuredevops_project (Resource)

Manages a project within Azure DevOps.

## Example Usage

### Basic

```terraform
resource "azuredevops_project" "test" {
  name = "example-project"
}
```

### Complete

```terraform
resource "azuredevops_project" "test" {
  name               = "example-project"
  description        = "example description"
  version_control    = "Git"
  work_item_template = "Basic"
  features = {
    boards       = false
    repositories = false
    pipelines    = false
    testplans    = false
    artifacts    = false
  }
}
```

## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the project

	-> String length must be at least 1.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the project Value defaults to ``.

	-> String length must be at least 1.
- `features` (Object) Define the status (enabled/disabled) of the project features. See [below for nested schema](#nested--features).
- `timeouts` (Object) See [below for nested schema](#nested--timeouts).
- `version_control` (String) The version control system. Possbile values are: `Git` or `Tfvc`. Defaults to `Git`. Value defaults to `Git`.

	~> If the value of this attribute changes, Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.

	-> Value must be one of: ["Git" "Tfvc"].
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the project. Possible values are `private` and `public`. Defaults to `private`. Value defaults to `private`.

	-> Value must be one of: ["private" "public"].
- `work_item_template` (String) The work item template name. Defaults to the parent organization's default template.

	~> If the value of this attribute changes, Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource.

	~> Once set, the value of this attribute in state will not change.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the project

	~> Once set, the value of this attribute in state will not change.
- `process_template_id` (String) The Process Template ID used by the Project.

<a id="nested--features"></a>
### Nested Schema for `features`

Optional:

- `artifacts` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Artifacts` feature is enabled.
- `boards` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Boards` feature is enabled.
- `pipelines` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Pipelines` feature is enabled.
- `repositories` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Repos` feature is enabled.
- `testplans` (Boolean) This indicates whether the `Test Plans` feature is enabled.
<a id="nested--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when creating this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `delete` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when deleting this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `read` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when reading this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".
- `update` (String) (Defaults to 5m0s) Used when updating this resource.

	-> Must be a string containing a sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

## Import

### Import ID

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used with the id format:

```shell
<project_id>
```

For example:

```shell
$ terraform import azuredevops_project.example "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
```

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = azuredevops_project.example
  id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

### Import Identity

In Terraform v1.12.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/block/import) can be used with the `identity` attribute.

```terraform
import {
  to = azuredevops_project.example
  identity = {
    id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  }
}
```

Required:

- `id` (String) The project UUID
